fix: use eventName instead of functionName (#3410)
wevm/wagmi: .changeset/lazy-lemons-act.md

---
"@wagmi/cli": patch
---

> Fixed cli actions plugin using `functionName` instead of `eventName`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed actions plugin issue where `functionName` was used instead of `eventName` for generated contract event actions.
```
